added section for git installation on Chrome (#13174)
github/docs: content/get-started/quickstart/set-up-git.md

## Setting up Git

1. [Download and install the latest version of Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads).

>     <br />Please Note: If you are using a ChromeOS device additional set up is required.
>     <br /> 1. Install Termux from the Google Play Store on your Chrome OS device.
>     <br /> 2. Use the command `apt install git`, and then type `y` when prompted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{% note %}

**Note**: If you are using a Chrome OS device, additional set up is required:

1. Install a terminal emulator such as Termux from the Google Play Store on your Chrome OS device.
2. From the terminal emulator that you installed, install Git. For example, in Termux, enter `apt install git` and then type `y` when prompted. 

{% endnote %}

```
